[MM-30269] Add MySQL collation note (#4186)
mattermost/docs: source/install/requirements.rst

In MySQL 8.0.4, the default authentication plugin was changed from ``mysql_native_password`` to ``caching_sha2_password`` (https://mysqlserverteam.com/mysql-8-0-4-new-default-authentication-plugin-caching_sha2_password/). Therefore, you will need to enable ``mysql_native_password`` by adding the following entry in your MySQL configuration file:

  .. code-block:: text

   [mysqld]
   default-authentication-plugin=mysql_native_password

> In MySQL 8, the default collation changed to ``utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci`` (https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysqld-version-reference/en/optvar-changes-8-0.html). Therefore, if you update your MySQL installation to version 8, you will need to convert your database tables to use the new default collation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In MySQL 8, the default collation changed to ``utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci`` (https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysqld-version-reference/en/optvar-changes-8-0.html). Therefore, if you update your MySQL installation to version 8, you'll need to convert your database tables to use the new default collation:
```

.. code-block:: sql

   ALTER TABLE table_name CONVERT TO CHARACTER SET utf8mb4 COLLATE utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci;

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Not making this change can cause the database to have tables with different collations, which will cause errors when executing queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this change isn't made, tables in the database may have different collations which will cause errors when executing queries.
```

Author: Could this be something like this?

```suggestion
If this change isn't made, tables in the database may end up having different collations which will cause errors when executing queries.
```

Intent here is to express that the problem doesn't happen immediately. If this change is not made, down the line when the user updates Mattermost to a version that creates tables, that's when the collations get mixed.

> In MySQL versions 8.0.0-8.0.11 ```ADMIN``` is a `reserved keyword <https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/keywords.html>`_, which is why our requirement for MySQL is version 8.0.12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In MySQL versions 8.0.0 - 8.0.11 ``ADMIN`` is a `reserved keyword <https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/keywords.html>`_, which is why our requirement for MySQL is version 8.0.12.
```
